c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\obj\Debug\MT.WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\obj\Debug\MT.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.WebAPI.exe.config
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.WebAPI.exe
c:\users\ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\obj\Debug\MT.WebAPI.exe
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.Logging.exe
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.Repository.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\MT.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Ismir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Ismir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MT\MT.WebAPI\bin\WebActivator.pdb
